W-16545778-Update-APIkit-for-AsyncAPI-module-ref-page-CP (#201)
mulesoft/docs-apikit: modules/ROOT/pages/apikit-asyncapi-module-reference.adoc

| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Name | String | Name for this configuration. Connectors reference the configuration with this name. | None | Yes
| Api Definition | String |  API definition. | None | Yes
| Disable Content Validation | Boolean | Disable payload content validation. | `false` | No
| Kafka Configs | Array of <<KafkaConfig>> | List of Kafka server configurations. One for each Kafka server listed in the specification that is scaffolded to create the app. | None |  No
| Anypoint MQ Configs | Array of <<AnypointMqConfig>> | List of AMQ configurations. | None | No
| Solace Configs | Array of <<SolaceConfig>> | List of Solace configurations. | None | No

> | Salesforce Pub Sub Configs | Array of <<SalesforcePubSubConfig>> | List of SalesforcePubSub configurations | None | No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Salesforce Pub Sub Configs | Array of <<SalesforcePubSubConfig>> | List of SalesforcePubSub configurations. | None | No
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

| Message Broker | Description | Supported Protocols | Configuration Details 
| Anypoint MQ | Supports asynchronous messaging with Anypoint MQ. | anypointmq | Anypoint MQ configurations are specified in the server object of the AsyncAPI specification. Supports `Message Listener` and `Subscribe` operations. 
| Kafka | Supports asynchronous messaging with Apache Kafka. | kafka, kafka-secure | Kafka configurations are specified in the server object of the AsyncAPI specification. Supports `Message Listener` and `Subscribe` operations. 

> | Salesforce platform events | Allows implementing an Async API specification using the Salesforce connector. | salesforcepubsub* | Connection details are available in the properties file. Supports `Message Listener` and `Subscribe` operations. 

Reviewer 2: The two operations and `Message Listener` and `Publish`

Author: OK! Thanks!

> | Solace Pub/Sub+ | Supports the implementation of an Async API specification using the Solace connector. | solace | Connection details are available in the properties file. 

Reviewer 2: Solace supports `Message Listener` and `Publish` operations

Author: OK! Thanks!

> | Salesforce platform events | Allows implementing an Async API specification using the Salesforce connector. | salesforcepubsub* | Connection details are available in the properties file. Supports `Message Listener` and `Subscribe` operations, and `Message Listener` and `Publish` operations.

Reviewer: Do you need the long form of the connector name (or is it mentioned previously)?

Author: Yes! This is the first time the connector is mentioned.

> | Salesforce platform events | Allows implementing an Async API specification using the Salesforce connector. | salesforcepubsub* | Connection details are available in the properties file. Supports `Message Listener` and `Subscribe` operations, and `Message Listener` and `Publish` operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Salesforce platform events | Allows implementing an Async API specification using Salesforce Connector. | salesforcepubsub* | Connection details are available in the properties file. Supports `Message Listener` and `Subscribe` operations, and `Message Listener` and `Publish` operations.
```

Reviewer: I think connector operations are supposed to be bold: https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/MTDT/MuleSoft+CX+Writing+Style+Reference#:~:text=Connector%20operations1

Author: I'll make this change globally. Thanks!

> | Solace Pub/Sub+ | Supports the implementation of an Async API specification using the Solace connector. | solace | Connection details are available in the properties file. Supports `Message Listener` and `Publish` operations. 

Reviewer: Same comments as line 58

Author: OK! Thanks!

|===

> +++*+++ You must use *salesforcepubsub* connector 1.0.15 or later.

Reviewer: Correct connector name?

Reviewer: Anypoint Connector for Salesforce Pub/Sub (Salesforce Pub/Sub Connector)

Author: OK! Thanks!

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use | None | Yes
| Content | Binary | The binary content to be processed | #[payload] | No
| Disable Content Validation | Boolean | Indicates if validation of the content is disabled | `False` | No
| Config Ref | ConfigurationProvider | Name of the configuration used to execute this component | None | Yes
| Channel Name | String | Channel name | None | Yes 
| Server Name | String | Server name | None | Yes 

> | Target Variable | String | Name of a variable on which the operation output is placed | None | No 

Reviewer: is "on" correct here?

Author: OK! Thanks!

> | Target Value | String | Expression that is evaluated against the operation output and the result of that expression is stored in the target variable | #[payload] | No

Reviewer: This seems more accurate - stored in the variable.

Author: OK! Thanks!

=== Anypoint MQ Config

[cols=".^20%,.^25%,.^30%,.^15%,.^10%", options="header"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Server Key | String | Identifier for the server configuration in AsyncAPI | None | Yes
| Config Ref | String | Reference to the Anypoint MQ configuration details | None | No
|===

[NOTE]
The Server Key is required to uniquely identify the server configuration. Config Ref is optional and used to specify additional configuration details.

[[SolaceConfig]]
=== Solace Config

[cols=".^20%,.^25%,.^30%,.^15%,.^10%", options="header"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Server Key | String | Server key set in the AsyncAPI spec | None | Yes
| Config Ref | String | Reference to the configuration name of the Solace connection | None | No
|===

[NOTE]

> The Server Key is required to uniquely identify the server configuration. Config Ref is optional and used to specify additional configuration details.

Reviewer: You could make this a partial.

Author: Great idea! I'll add it to my backlog. Thanks!

=== Limitations of Solace Connector

> The Solace connector in APIkit for AsyncAPI has the following limitations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Solace Connector in APIkit for AsyncAPI has these limitations:
```

Reviewer: I don't see the Solace connector in our docs - is it just an APIkit thing?

Author: Great catch! Solace connector: https://www.mulesoft.com/exchange/com.solace.connector/solace-mulesoft-connector/
I'll write the appropriate name. Thanks!

> * It doesn't support `topic listener`. It supports `queue listener`.

Reviewer 2: Let me give some context, so that you can probably rephrase it better.
Each operation (message listener / publish) is bound to a `destination` - which can be a solace `queue` or `topic`. But Mulesoft Async API implementation supports only `queue` as a destination.

Author: @aby-philip-sf, let's see if my rewording works better.
Thanks!

> * One channel to multiple queues isn't supported. A channel must have one queue. 

Reviewer 2: This is not correct. The restriction is that you cannot have more than one operator of the same type mapped to the same destination queue. For instance, you cannot have more than one `Publish` operations mapped to the same destination queue.
@ashutoshsharmasf, please confirm.

Author: @ashutoshsharmasf, please, can you confirm that my rewording is appropriate? Thanks!

> * The Solace Connector supports `queue` and `topic` for `destinations` in the `message listener` and `publish` operations. But the APIkit for AsyncAPI implementation only supports `queue` as `destination`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Solace Connector supports `queue` and `topic` for `destinations` in the `message listener` and `publish` operations. But the APIkit for AsyncAPI implementation only supports `queue` as `destination`.
```

Reviewer: Connecter operations are bold...?

Reviewer: We try to avoid using UI (or other) elements as parts of speech.

"supports using `queue` as the value of `destination`."

Author: OK! Thanks!

> * Only one operator of the same type must be mapped to the same `queue` of `destination`.

Reviewer: See 244

Author: I'm confused. What's in line 244? I can't tell. Thanks!

Reviewer: We try to avoid using UI (or other) elements as parts of speech.

[[SalesforcePubSubConfig]]

> === Salesforce Pub Sub Config

Reviewer: Salesforce Pub/Sub Connector Config?

Author: You're right! Thanks!

> [cols=".^20%,.^25%,.^30%,.^15%,.^10%", options="header"]

Reviewer: fancy!

Author: Thanks!

|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Server Key | String | Server key set in the AsyncAPI spec | None | Yes

> | Config Ref | String | Reference to the name of the Salesforce pub sub configuration | None | No

Reviewer: Salesforce Pub/Sub Connector Config?

Author: OK! Thanks!

| Server Name | String | The name of the Kafka server that processes the message | None | Yes
|===

[[AnypointMqMessageAttributes]]
=== Anypoint MQ Message Attributes

[cols=".^20%,.^25%,.^30%,.^15%,.^10%", options="header"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Ack Token | String | Token used for acknowledging the receipt of a message | None | No
| Channel Name | String | The name of the Anypoint MQ channel where the message is published or consumed | None | Yes
| Channel Parameters | Object | Additional parameters or settings specific to the channel | None | No
| Content Type | String | The MIME type of the message content | None | No
| Delivery Count | Number | The number of times the message is delivered | None | No
| Headers | Object | Metadata associated with the message, typically key-value pairs | None | No
| Message Id | String | Unique identifier for the message | None | Yes
| Properties | Object | Custom properties associated with the message | None | No
| Protocol | String | The protocol the Anypoint MQ server uses | None | No
| Server Name | String | The name of the Anypoint MQ server that processes the message | None | Yes
|===

> [[SolaceMessageAttributes]]

Reviewer 2: @ashutoshsharmasf please review these parameters

Author: Awaiting for @ashutoshsharmasf review.

=== Solace Message Attributes

[cols=".^20%,.^25%,.^30%,.^15%,.^10%", options="header"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| DMQ Eligible | Boolean | Indicates if the message is eligible for Dead Message Queue | `False` | No
| Channel Name | String | The name of the Solace channel where the message is published or consumed | None | No

> | Channel Parameters | Object | Additional parameters or settings specific to the Solace channel | None | No

Reviewer: You could make these partials and share them if you remove the specific name... (the MQ versions don't include it)

Author: Great idea! I'll add it to my backlog. Thanks!

| Content Type | String | The MIME type of the message content | None | No
| Delivery Mode | String | The delivery mode of the message | None | No
| Discard Indication | Boolean | Indicates if the message is discarded | `False` | No

> | Eliding Eligible | Boolean | Indicates if the message is eligible for eliding | `False` | No

Reviewer: I learned a new word today!

Author: I learned this new word a few days ago! 😆

> | Endpoint Type | String | The type of endpoint used | None | No

Reviewer: In general, you can omit the "The" and "A" in these descriptions (to reduce word count and get to the point earlier).

Author: You're right! Changed globally. Thanks!

| Message Reference Id | String | A reference identifier for the message | None | No
| Priority | Number | The priority level of the message | 0 | No
| Protocol | String | The protocol the Solace server uses | None | No
| Receive Timestamp | DateTime | The timestamp when the message was received | None | No
| Redelivered | Boolean | Indicates if the message is redelivered | `False` | No
| Reply | Boolean | Indicates if the message expects a reply | `False` | No
| Server Name | String | The name of the Solace server that processes the message | None | Yes
| Time To Live | Number | The time in milliseconds that the message remains valid | 0 | No
|===

> [[SalesforcePubSubAttributes]]

Reviewer 2: @ashutoshsharmasf please review these parameters

Author: Awaiting for @ashutoshsharmasf review.

> === Salesforce Pub Sub Attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Salesforce Pub/Sub Attributes
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> [cols=".^20%,.^25%,.^30%,.^15%,.^10%", options="header"]

Reviewer: Should the table specs match for all the tables in this topic?

Author: Sure! Great catch! Thanks!

|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Channel Name | String | The name of the Salesforce Pub Sub channel where the message is published or consumed | None | No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Channel Name | String | The name of the Salesforce Pub/Sub channel where the message is published or consumed | None | No
```

Reviewer: https://docs.mulesoft.com/salesforce-pubsub-connector/latest/

Author: OK! Thanks!

> | Channel Parameters | Object | Additional parameters or settings specific to the Salesforce Pub Sub channel | None | No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Channel Parameters | Object | Additional parameters or settings specific to the Salesforce Pub/Sub channel | None | No
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> | Protocol | String | The protocol the Salesforce Pub Sub server uses | None | No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Protocol | String | The protocol the Salesforce Pub/Sub server uses | None | No
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> | Server Name | String | The name of the Salesforce Pub Sub server that processes the message | None | No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Server Name | String | The name of the Salesforce Pub/Sub server that processes the message | None | No
```

Author: OK! Thanks!
